Readme.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mikhan C. Balbastro

I'm a **Full Stack Developer** based in the **Philippines**, passionate about building impactful digital solutions and pushing the limits of what technology can do. I love turning ideas into reality through clean, efficient code and intuitive UI/UX.

---

## 🚀 What I'm Working On

- 🤖 **AI Chatbot Platform** – A smart assistant with editable conversations, dynamic responses, and MongoDB integration  
- 🏫 **School Kiosk System** – A real-time attendance and information system using card-based inputs and REST APIs  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### 🧩 Frontend
- React.js / Next.js  
- Tailwind CSS / Framer Motion  
- TypeScript / JavaScript

### 🛠️ Backend
- Node.js / NestJS  
- MongoDB / Mongoose  
- REST APIs / WebSockets

### 🔧 Others
- CodeIgniter 3 (Legacy PHP Projects)  
- Git / GitHub  
- Postman, Swagger (API testing/documentation)  
- VS Code / SSH / Docker basics

---

## 🌟 Featured Skills & Strengths

- ✅ Clean, readable, and maintainable code  
- ✅ Experience in monorepo and fullstack development setups  
- ✅ Fluent in both frontend design and backend architecture  
- ✅ API-first mindset with OAuth2 integrations  
- ✅ Enthusiastic team player and fast learner

---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 📧 Email: [mikhanbalbastro14@gmail.com](mailto:mikhanbalbastro14@gmail.com)  
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/mikhan-balbastro](https://linkedin.com/in/mikhan-balbastro)

---

## 📂 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mikhan-TMP&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&count_private=true&hide_border=true" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mikhan-TMP&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github-dark&hide_border=true" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github_dark" />
</p>



---

## 📌 Featured Projects

[![Readme Generator](https://img.shields.io/badge/🛠️%20Readme%20Generator-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mikhan-TMP/readme-generator)
[![Chatbot AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/🤖%20Chatbot%20AI-green?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mikhan-TMP/chatbot-ai)

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![Trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github-dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=10)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

---

## 🎯 Fun Facts

- 🎓 Lifelong learner – always exploring new frameworks and tools  
- 💬 I enjoy mentoring others and sharing tech tips with junior devs  
- 🎮 Gamer on weekends, especially RPGs and strategy games  
- 🧩 Hobbies include drawing, tinkering with AI, and reading dev blogs

---

> "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad." – Cory House

Thanks for stopping by! Feel free to connect, collaborate, or just say hi 👋

Commit message:

Revise Readme to reflect new skills and projects
Updated the introduction to include Mobile App Developer and added Objective C/SwiftUI to the tech stack. Modified featured projects section.

Readme.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mikhan C. Balbastro

I'm a **Full Stack Developer** and **Mobile App Developer** based in the **Philippines**, passionate about building impactful digital solutions and pushing the limits of what technology can do. I love turning ideas into reality through clean, efficient code and intuitive UI/UX.

---

## 🚀 What I'm Working On
- 📱 **iOS Mobile Applications** – Building smooth, scalable, and user-friendly native apps using Swift & Objective-C
---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### 🧩 Frontend
- React.js / Next.js  
- Tailwind CSS / Framer Motion  
- TypeScript / JavaScript
- Objective C / SwiftUI

### 🛠️ Backend
- Node.js / NestJS  
- MongoDB / Mongoose  
- REST APIs / WebSockets

### 🔧 Others
- CodeIgniter 3 (Legacy PHP Projects)  
- Git / GitHub  
- Postman, Swagger (API testing/documentation)  
- VS Code / SSH / Docker basics

---

## 🌟 Featured Skills & Strengths

- ✅ Clean, readable, and maintainable code  
- ✅ Experience in monorepo and fullstack development setups  
- ✅ Fluent in both frontend design and backend architecture  
- ✅ API-first mindset with OAuth2 integrations  
- ✅ Enthusiastic team player and fast learner

---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 📧 Email: [mikhanbalbastro14@gmail.com](mailto:mikhanbalbastro14@gmail.com)  
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/mikhan-balbastro](https://linkedin.com/in/mikhan-balbastro)

---

## 📂 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mikhan-TMP&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&count_private=true&hide_border=true" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mikhan-TMP&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github-dark&hide_border=true" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github_dark" />
</p>



---

## 📌 Featured Projects

[![Cover Letter Generator](https://img.shields.io/badge/🤖%20Chatbot%20AI-green?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mikhan-TMP/chatbot-ai)

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![Trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mikhan-TMP&theme=github-dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=10)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

---

## 🎯 Fun Facts

- 🎓 Lifelong learner – always exploring new frameworks and tools  
- 💬 I enjoy mentoring others and sharing tech tips with junior devs  
- 🎮 Gamer on weekends, especially RPGs and strategy games  
- 🧩 Hobbies include drawing, tinkering with AI, and reading dev blogs

---

> "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad." – Cory House

Thanks for stopping by! Feel free to connect, collaborate, or just say hi 👋
